advocacy journalism
alpha privative
anaphylactic shock
apocryphal, Apocryphal
apothegm, apophthegm
apteryx, Apteryx
behemoth, Behemoth
benzoyl peroxide
Boswellian
broad-minded
Bushido, bushido
cantaloupe, cantaloup
capital-intensive
capsicum, Capsicum
carbon-14 dating
carpal tunnel
celiac, coeliac
clay pigeon
cochlear nerve
comparison-shopped
conferee, conferree
Côte d’Azur
de jure
Decalogue, Decalog
deficit spending
deinonychus, Deinonychus
demiurge, Demiurge
deposition, Deposition
Diaspora, diaspora
discotheque, discothèque
Don Juan
Eames chair
elegiac stanza
embraceor, embracer
entr’acte
epaulet, epaulette
erne, ern
eurythmy, eurhythmy
eyes-only
fixer-upper
fleur-de-lis, fleur-de-lys
fontanel, fontanelle
freemason, Freemason
frenetic, phrenetic
gascon, Gascon
gestalt, Gestalt
Graves’ disease
harlequin, Harlequin
hermetic, Hermetic
hero-worship
Hobson’s choice
humeral veil
hydrangea, Hydrangea
hypaethral, hypethral
ill-advisedly
imagism, Imagism
jaguarundi, jaguarondi
John Barleycorn
juvenile delinquent
keloid, cheloid
Knight Templar
Korsakoff’s syndrome
Lag b’Omer
laser printer
levanter, Levanter
lieutenant governor
liquid-crystal display
littérateur, litterateur
loose-leaf
Lou Gehrig’s disease
madrilène, madrilene
mahi-mahi, mahi mahi
Marseille, Marseilles
Masora, Masorah
mea culpa
menorah, Menorah
micrococcus, Micrococcus
mu meson
Muskogean, Muskhogean
mythopoeic, mythopeic
nihilism, Nihilism
nirvana, Nirvana
no man’s land
nurse practitioner
Ohm’s law
one-upmanship
O-ring
orthopedics, orthopaedics
oysters Rockefeller
pa’anga
pampean, Pampean
pâté de foie gras
paternoster, Paternoster
Philistine, philistine
phlox, Phlox
phosphorus, Phosphorus
Platonic, platonic
plumb bob
post-polio syndrome
prime mover
printer’s devil
proving ground
pueblo, Pueblo
Pythagorean theorem
quadraphonic,
quincuncial, quincunxial
raison d’être
ravigote, ravigotte
rebooted
renaissance, Renaissance
rheumatoid arthritis
rogues’ gallery
role-playing
rose-colored
royal flush
Russian wolfhound
Sabin vaccine
saga novel
satsuma, Satsuma
sciatic nerve
sea change
self-fulfilling
Shakespearean sonnet
shillelagh, shillalah
Sioux Falls
slush fund
spumoni, spumone
staphylococcus,
stephanotis, Stephanotis
stygian, Stygian
sub-Saharan
sword of Damocles
theater-in-the-round
trompe l’oeil
T-square
twilight zone
uncial, Uncial
universalism, Universalism
up-tempo, uptempo
utopian, Utopian
vesper, Vesper
well-nigh
whited sepulcher
window-shop
wisenheimer,
worm’s-eye view
worst-case
x-irradiation
yeshiva, yeshivah
zaftig, zoftig
zenana, zanana
zymoscope
